URL: https://ayagoldsilver.com/reports-disclosures/
Title: 
    		 » Reports & disclosures    	
Source File: https%3A%2F%2Fayagoldsilver.com%2Freports-disclosures%2F.json

=== Management Sections ===

[ties with real-time reporting displayed on the Executive Dashboard and ESG Scorecards. With all relevant standards and frameworks built in, the platform generates auditable ESG reports for directors, CEOs, sustainability professionals, capital providers, rating agencies and regulators. The new reporting software enabled Aya to widen the scope of its reporting from material issues only to include broa]
--------------------------------------------------
ties with real-time reporting displayed on the Executive Dashboard and ESG Scorecards. With all relevant standards and frameworks built in, the platform generates auditable ESG reports for directors, CEOs, sustainability professionals, capital providers, rating agencies and regulators. The new reporting software enabled Aya to widen the scope of its reporting from material issues only to include broa


[           
                                         Aya embarked on its sustainability reporting journey in 2020, a landmark year for the Corporation due to the appointment of Benoit La Salle as new Chief Executive Officer and the new management team. In the first year, we carried out a detailed materiality assessment to identify the key environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues that were most likely to be cons]
--------------------------------------------------
           
                                         Aya embarked on its sustainability reporting journey in 2020, a landmark year for the Corporation due to the appointment of Benoit La Salle as new Chief Executive Officer and the new management team. In the first year, we carried out a detailed materiality assessment to identify the key environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues that were most likely to be cons


[d opportunities with real-time reporting displayed on the Executive Dashboard and ESG Scorecards. With all relevant standards and frameworks built in, the platform generates auditable ESG reports for directors, CEOs, sustainability professionals, capital providers, rating agencies and regulators. The new reporting software enabled Aya to widen the scope of its reporting from material issues only to includ]
--------------------------------------------------
d opportunities with real-time reporting displayed on the Executive Dashboard and ESG Scorecards. With all relevant standards and frameworks built in, the platform generates auditable ESG reports for directors, CEOs, sustainability professionals, capital providers, rating agencies and regulators. The new reporting software enabled Aya to widen the scope of its reporting from material issues only to includ


=== Extracted People ===
No people extracted