URL: https://ayagoldsilver.com/press-release/aya-gold-silver-first-100-days-corporate-update/
Title: 
    		 » Aya Gold & Silver – First 100 Days Corporate Update    	
Source File: https%3A%2F%2Fayagoldsilver.com%2Fpress-release%2Faya-gold-silver-first-100-days-corporate-update%2F.json

=== Management Sections ===

[are pleased with what we have accomplished in the first 100 days of taking control and implementing the changes needed to improve efficiency and optimize operations" said Benoit La Salle, President & CEO of the Corporation. “We expect our ongoing efforts, coupled with our drill exploration program and expansion plans to significantly drive shareholder value. Aya is committed to building value through]
--------------------------------------------------
are pleased with what we have accomplished in the first 100 days of taking control and implementing the changes needed to improve efficiency and optimize operations" said Benoit La Salle, President & CEO of the Corporation. “We expect our ongoing efforts, coupled with our drill exploration program and expansion plans to significantly drive shareholder value. Aya is committed to building value through


[lio, including Boumadine, Azegour and Amizmiz are under review. As more information on these properties becomes available, we will update the market. 
 Administration Update: 
The Corporation hired a CFO in May of this year along with a dedicated accounting team, which was previously outsourced. The team has been mandated by the Board to resolve control and disclosure issues described in the Corporat]
--------------------------------------------------
lio, including Boumadine, Azegour and Amizmiz are under review. As more information on these properties becomes available, we will update the market. 
 Administration Update: 
The Corporation hired a CFO in May of this year along with a dedicated accounting team, which was previously outsourced. The team has been mandated by the Board to resolve control and disclosure issues described in the Corporat


[he “Corporation”) is pleased to provide an update on its first 100 days of operations since the change of management disclosed in its press release issued on April 24th, 2020. 
 Operations Update: 
A President and General Manager was appointed to Compagnie Minière Maya Maroc (“CMMM”), the Corporation’s wholly owned subsidiary in May of this year and quickly reviewed the ongoing operations. Together with ne]
--------------------------------------------------
he “Corporation”) is pleased to provide an update on its first 100 days of operations since the change of management disclosed in its press release issued on April 24th, 2020. 
 Operations Update: 
A President and General Manager was appointed to Compagnie Minière Maya Maroc (“CMMM”), the Corporation’s wholly owned subsidiary in May of this year and quickly reviewed the ongoing operations. Together with ne


[2020. 
 "We are pleased with what we have accomplished in the first 100 days of taking control and implementing the changes needed to improve efficiency and optimize operations" said Benoit La Salle, President & CEO of the Corporation. “We expect our ongoing efforts, coupled with our drill exploration program and expansion plans to significantly drive shareholder value. Aya is committed to building value t]
--------------------------------------------------
2020. 
 "We are pleased with what we have accomplished in the first 100 days of taking control and implementing the changes needed to improve efficiency and optimize operations" said Benoit La Salle, President & CEO of the Corporation. “We expect our ongoing efforts, coupled with our drill exploration program and expansion plans to significantly drive shareholder value. Aya is committed to building value t


[lly owned subsidiary in May of this year and quickly reviewed the ongoing operations. Together with new management and current employees, a maintenance plan was presented and approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. The maintenance plan includes mining equipment, tailings facilities, living quarters, flotation plant, cyanidation plant and surrounding infrastructure, which will undergo signif]
--------------------------------------------------
lly owned subsidiary in May of this year and quickly reviewed the ongoing operations. Together with new management and current employees, a maintenance plan was presented and approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. The maintenance plan includes mining equipment, tailings facilities, living quarters, flotation plant, cyanidation plant and surrounding infrastructure, which will undergo signif


=== Extracted People ===

Name: Benoit La Salle
Role: Chief Executive Officer