URL: https://ayagoldsilver.com/press-release/aya-gold-silver-reports-record-quarterly-production-of-459061-ounces/
Title: 
    		 » Aya Gold & Silver Reports Record Quarterly Production of 459,061 Ounces    	
Source File: https%3A%2F%2Fayagoldsilver.com%2Fpress-release%2Faya-gold-silver-reports-record-quarterly-production-of-459061-ounces%2F.json

=== Management Sections ===

[er bis. Considerable progress was also made on the Zgounder Expansion Project with the on-schedule delivery of the FEED, the first of our construction milestones,” said Benoit La Salle, President and CEO. 
 “Last, but not least, I'm very proud of the progress we are making and the impact that we are having with our sustainability goals and initiatives. Specifically, we have increased board diversity,]
--------------------------------------------------
er bis. Considerable progress was also made on the Zgounder Expansion Project with the on-schedule delivery of the FEED, the first of our construction milestones,” said Benoit La Salle, President and CEO. 
 “Last, but not least, I'm very proud of the progress we are making and the impact that we are having with our sustainability goals and initiatives. Specifically, we have increased board diversity,


[ in the previous quarter and to a lesser degree, to the delivery of new mining equipment. 
   
 Capital Projects 
 The bulk of capital projects completed this quarter related to mine production. Two scoops, a dumper, two scissor lift platforms and jackhammers were delivered in Q2-2022 and incorporated into production. A temporary explosive storage facility was completed and commissioned to ensure tim]
--------------------------------------------------
 in the previous quarter and to a lesser degree, to the delivery of new mining equipment. 
   
 Capital Projects 
 The bulk of capital projects completed this quarter related to mine production. Two scoops, a dumper, two scissor lift platforms and jackhammers were delivered in Q2-2022 and incorporated into production. A temporary explosive storage facility was completed and commissioned to ensure tim


[adine and Imiter bis. Considerable progress was also made on the Zgounder Expansion Project with the on-schedule delivery of the FEED, the first of our construction milestones,” said Benoit La Salle, President and CEO. 
 “Last, but not least, I'm very proud of the progress we are making and the impact that we are having with our sustainability goals and initiatives. Specifically, we have increased board di]
--------------------------------------------------
adine and Imiter bis. Considerable progress was also made on the Zgounder Expansion Project with the on-schedule delivery of the FEED, the first of our construction milestones,” said Benoit La Salle, President and CEO. 
 “Last, but not least, I'm very proud of the progress we are making and the impact that we are having with our sustainability goals and initiatives. Specifically, we have increased board di


[ough plans for a garden nursery and educational farm 
 Funded and conducted two mobile health clinics benefiting adults and children 
 Increased board diversity through appointment of two independent directors from the Canadian mining and European banking sectors, respectively 
 Robust financial position with $67.9 million of cash and restricted cash 
 
   
 “Congratulations to the operations team for del]
--------------------------------------------------
ough plans for a garden nursery and educational farm 
 Funded and conducted two mobile health clinics benefiting adults and children 
 Increased board diversity through appointment of two independent directors from the Canadian mining and European banking sectors, respectively 
 Robust financial position with $67.9 million of cash and restricted cash 
 
   
 “Congratulations to the operations team for del


=== Extracted People ===

Name: Benoit La Salle
Role: Chief Executive Officer