URL: https://ayagoldsilver.com/press-release/maya-gold-silver-updates-on-share-exchange-with-praetorian-resources-limited-and-glowat-royalty/
Title: 
    		 » Maya Gold & Silver Updates on Share Exchange with Praetorian Resources Limited and Glowat Royalty    	
Source File: https%3A%2F%2Fayagoldsilver.com%2Fpress-release%2Fmaya-gold-silver-updates-on-share-exchange-with-praetorian-resources-limited-and-glowat-royalty%2F.json

=== Management Sections ===

[cause by the Corporation of Mr. Mokaddem. 
 Considering the non-arm’s length relationship between the Corporation and Glowat (since Glowat is controlled by a party related to Mr. Mokaddem who is also President a Director of Corporation), the TSX Venture Exchange has required that the payment of the Royalty to Glowat is subject to the approved of the disinterested shareholders of the Corporation. 
 Conseque]
--------------------------------------------------
cause by the Corporation of Mr. Mokaddem. 
 Considering the non-arm’s length relationship between the Corporation and Glowat (since Glowat is controlled by a party related to Mr. Mokaddem who is also President a Director of Corporation), the TSX Venture Exchange has required that the payment of the Royalty to Glowat is subject to the approved of the disinterested shareholders of the Corporation. 
 Conseque


[the gross revenues generated from the Zgounder silver mine, less mining and milling costs (the “Royalty”). Glowat is a private Moroccan company controlled by a party related to Noureddine Mokaddem, a Director and officer of the Corporation. Glowat is also the main contractor for all the Corporation’s projects in Morocco. 
 The Royalty shall be payable only once the transfer of the 85% interest in the Zgou]
--------------------------------------------------
the gross revenues generated from the Zgounder silver mine, less mining and milling costs (the “Royalty”). Glowat is a private Moroccan company controlled by a party related to Noureddine Mokaddem, a Director and officer of the Corporation. Glowat is also the main contractor for all the Corporation’s projects in Morocco. 
 The Royalty shall be payable only once the transfer of the 85% interest in the Zgou


[ Corporation of Mr. Mokaddem. 
 Considering the non-arm’s length relationship between the Corporation and Glowat (since Glowat is controlled by a party related to Mr. Mokaddem who is also President a Director of Corporation), the TSX Venture Exchange has required that the payment of the Royalty to Glowat is subject to the approved of the disinterested shareholders of the Corporation. 
 Consequently, share]
--------------------------------------------------
 Corporation of Mr. Mokaddem. 
 Considering the non-arm’s length relationship between the Corporation and Glowat (since Glowat is controlled by a party related to Mr. Mokaddem who is also President a Director of Corporation), the TSX Venture Exchange has required that the payment of the Royalty to Glowat is subject to the approved of the disinterested shareholders of the Corporation. 
 Consequently, share


=== Extracted People ===

Name: Mokaddem
Role: President