URL: https://ayagoldsilver.com/press-release/aya-launches-feasibility-study-for-the-expansion-of-its-zgounder-silver-mine-in-morocco/
Title: 
    		 » AYA Launches Feasibility Study for the Expansion of its Zgounder Silver Mine in Morocco    	
Source File: https%3A%2F%2Fayagoldsilver.com%2Fpress-release%2Faya-launches-feasibility-study-for-the-expansion-of-its-zgounder-silver-mine-in-morocco%2F.json

=== Management Sections ===

[in growing the resource and the expansion potential of the Zgounder Silver Mine. The feasibility study is an important step forward to maximize shareholder value,” said Benoit La Salle, President and CEO of AYA. “We are assembling a highly qualified team of experts to complete the study by Q4 2021.” 
 “We are delighted to work with AYA and its team who we know and appreciate”, said Daniel Gagnon, Sen]
--------------------------------------------------
in growing the resource and the expansion potential of the Zgounder Silver Mine. The feasibility study is an important step forward to maximize shareholder value,” said Benoit La Salle, President and CEO of AYA. “We are assembling a highly qualified team of experts to complete the study by Q4 2021.” 
 “We are delighted to work with AYA and its team who we know and appreciate”, said Daniel Gagnon, Sen


[us confidence in growing the resource and the expansion potential of the Zgounder Silver Mine. The feasibility study is an important step forward to maximize shareholder value,” said Benoit La Salle, President and CEO of AYA. “We are assembling a highly qualified team of experts to complete the study by Q4 2021.” 
 “We are delighted to work with AYA and its team who we know and appreciate”, said Daniel Gag]
--------------------------------------------------
us confidence in growing the resource and the expansion potential of the Zgounder Silver Mine. The feasibility study is an important step forward to maximize shareholder value,” said Benoit La Salle, President and CEO of AYA. “We are assembling a highly qualified team of experts to complete the study by Q4 2021.” 
 “We are delighted to work with AYA and its team who we know and appreciate”, said Daniel Gag


[“We are assembling a highly qualified team of experts to complete the study by Q4 2021.” 
 “We are delighted to work with AYA and its team who we know and appreciate”, said Daniel Gagnon, Senior Vice President at DRA Met-Chem. “We have historically worked in Morocco and look forward to leveraging our expertise in country and in precious metals to help optimize production and to deliver value to all stakeho]
--------------------------------------------------
“We are assembling a highly qualified team of experts to complete the study by Q4 2021.” 
 “We are delighted to work with AYA and its team who we know and appreciate”, said Daniel Gagnon, Senior Vice President at DRA Met-Chem. “We have historically worked in Morocco and look forward to leveraging our expertise in country and in precious metals to help optimize production and to deliver value to all stakeho


[AYA. “We are assembling a highly qualified team of experts to complete the study by Q4 2021.” 
 “We are delighted to work with AYA and its team who we know and appreciate”, said Daniel Gagnon, Senior Vice President at DRA Met-Chem. “We have historically worked in Morocco and look forward to leveraging our expertise in country and in precious metals to help optimize production and to deliver value to all stakeho]
--------------------------------------------------
AYA. “We are assembling a highly qualified team of experts to complete the study by Q4 2021.” 
 “We are delighted to work with AYA and its team who we know and appreciate”, said Daniel Gagnon, Senior Vice President at DRA Met-Chem. “We have historically worked in Morocco and look forward to leveraging our expertise in country and in precious metals to help optimize production and to deliver value to all stakeho


=== Extracted People ===

Name: Benoit La Salle
Role: Chief Executive Officer

Name: Daniel Gagnon
Role: President